one day a professional killer went home
to visit his family and found his
brother murdered who killed him I don't
know nothing the only reason I came back
to this crap house was to find out who
did it
and I'm not leaving till I do Michael
Caine is Carter a man with unbridled
hate do you want to be dead Albert for
Christ's sake you knew what I do did you
owe him listen
scratch out and kill him I'm when a
professional killer hates he turns an
animal and there becomes but one law in
the underworld jungle yet Carter
people Carter gets you don't let us
interrupt you now don't you think you
ought to get dressed first
come on Jack put it away you know you
won't use the Gunny mates out Carter
they heated killer the cooler lover
Carter a man of few words
a man of decisive action I've got for
you Margaret take your clothes off a few
words decisive action hate drives the
hunter fear pursues the hunted and it
killed me thank you my brother
Carter spreading terror with an
uncontrolled trigger Carter was a killer
by profession now he is a killer by
instinct
Michael Caine is Carter get Carter
before Carter gets you